now this is really an important
development for all of us because it
opens up possibilities tremendous
possibilities for air travel and the
ability with technology to connect
people point-to-point around our world
maybe a design cruiser is bigger than
just an airplane maybe it's about
getting people together more efficiently
and better use of their time and a
better flying experience an airplane the
flies hire an airplane that can connect
the world almost any city pair around
the world directly an airplane that will
be operationally efficient and because
of the less time economically very
efficient also now maybe it's really
about getting people together around our
world so are you ready okay here we go
we're going to reveal to you the first
the first unveiling of the sonic cruiser
well what do you think is it good we
have engines now that can produce enough
thrust to fly around the speed of sound
so the engines are what enables the
sonic cruiser and then we add the
advances in aerodynamics the
configuration that we're all been
talking about and the materials and the
systems that simplify and the ability to
connect the airplane and simplify the
systems and we have a set of enabling
technologies for the first time will
allow us to move substantially faster in
speed and we think that we can improve
that speed by around 20% and cruise
efficiently around 0.95 to 0.98 Mach
number can it be done absolutely can we
do it economically absolutely our task
will it be fun to debate all of it
absolutely will it be of interest for
the next couple of years absolutely is
the right thing to do for the travellers
of the world absolutely so thanks again